>> Shirley Wu: This is
kind of the one I did.
It's a really rough drawing, and
it's a really quite simple one, too.
And all it is is each of these peaks or
valleys are moving and
what I wanted to show,
the main goal I had,
was to show the seasonality of the movies.
And then also I just wanted to show
the different categories that might peak
during those seasons.
And so, I wanted to show each of
these curves are box office and
the higher it is off of this
kind of like center line,
the center line represents
the median box office.
So the higher it is,
the more it went over the median and
the lower is the less it made.
And so, this is what I was also
talking about visual metaphors,
so it did better so it goes up.
It's kind of like a curve up and
then it did worse, so
it's kind of drooping down a little bit.
That's sort of a visual metaphor.
And then I wanted to use textures to
denote summer and winter holidays.
And I wanted to specifically use
textures so that there isn't,
cuz we already used this solid
color to color in the movie.
So I wanted it to be textures
in the background so
that it's visually,
you can differentiate between them.
I have some notes to myself about, yeah so
denoting holidays as
cross hatch patterns and
maybe having horizontal lines across
to denote maybe 20 million or
50 million intervals for comparison.
So this is just a really simplistic
sketch I did for myself.
I think this is what I want
to have us building for
the rest of the class as we
go into the code section.